www.wooribank.com = pass
https://sccd.wooribank.com = pass
spot.wooribank.com = pass
https://www.kbanknow.com = pass
www.shinhan.com = pass
https://www.nhqv.com = pass
https://crowd.ibks.com = pass
https://www.truefriend.com = pass
https://www.kiwoom.com = pass
https://home.imeritz.com = pass
https://www.hanwhawm.com = pass
www.qq.com = pass
www.joins.com = pass
www.dcinside.com = pass
www.microsoft.com = pass
www.ntd.tv = pass
www.diply.com = pass
www.pinterest.com = pass
www.paypal.com = pass
www.blogspot.com = pass
www.blogspot.kr : None  None
https://toss.im : toss.im  None
https://www.hanafn.com:8002 : None  None

https://bsrastreiobr.com
 = pass
https://www.phishtank.com = pass
